{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww11160\viewh12000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs48 Open Media Toolkit Samples\

\fs24 \
	These samples show you various functionalities of the Open Media Toolkit. They are all cross platform and can be compiled without any change on both MS-Windows and MacOS X (or Classic using CodeWarrior).\
\
	For historical reasons some medias used by the samples are stored as PNG files or ASE (3D Studio Files) while some others are stored in an OMT database (samples.omt). With current OMT version everything could be stored in a database pretty easily, however I keep it this way as an example of opening media outside a database. \
\
	On MacOS you can open and edit the OMT database (.OMT file) using the "CosmicManager" in "macos/tools/". There is no database editor for Window today.\
\
\

\f1\b \ul MacOS  Notes
\f0\b0 \ul \
\ulnone \
	* You can find all the examples already compiled (if you downloaded the full version) in the "macos/samples/build/" directory. If you have to build them, first build the OMTFramework and then build all samples using the ProjectBuilder. \
\
	* Only the MacOS X and the ProjectBuilder are still supported today. However because OMT is based on carbon, it is possible to recompile it using CodeWarrior to obtain a classic application when required.\
\
	* In this version, the framework is embedded in the samples resulting in bigger executables. You may want to install the framework in /Library/Frameworks/ and recompile the samples without the embedded library to save room.\
	\
	* All the medias used by the samples are stored in "macos/samples/build/medias". On OS X, it is possible to embed the medias inside the application's resource folder (for the samples, they must be in a sub-folder called "medias"). OMT can automatically retrieves file in the resource folder as long as they don't have an absolute path.\
\
\

\f1\b \ul Windows Notes
\f0\b0 \ul \
\ulnone 	\
	* You can find all the examples already compiled (if you downloaded the full version) in the "mswindows/samples/" directory. If you have to build them, first build the OMT.DLL and then build all samples using Visual C++. \
\
	* To avoid an installation process before you can try the samples, I simply copied the omt.dll binary to the sample folder. If you add the path of the dll to your global variable "PATH" you can avoid to duplicate the dll file\
\
	* Before building the dll or the samples you have to set the OMT2ROOT variable to the path of your OMT folder (see the mswindows/readme.txt file).\
\
\
}